gta san andreas is back on the channel
and for those who love this game that likes
see his videos in this style more
well worked I have good news
for you
already there are two videos
confirmed these bugs and the next one that
It's going to be easter eggs. It 's one more
series
so this is it people we will show
force of this game and let's call in lic
mercilessly
I count on you beauty to almost
forgot it
I want to thank everyone.
who entered a game site for fan
the new sponsor of this channel of mine
You talk too much, I was very happy.
same serious face the link from the store to
description you buying there is already the
sufficient for this channel to follow
Forward for long without more
come on
One thing I love about gta san andreas
is to know that no matter how much time passes
It always ends up showing you something cool.
that you did not know you could do
in the game and that's enough for you
defrag the game and play again and the
video of today will be this I go
show secret places you enter
in there from a buggy and I
I'm sure at least one of those
was unknown to you who
Betting then let's go there and starting with
a good fuck buggy in this exact place that
Are you watching the marking?
even there pick up the car and accelerate in lipstick
in front of this stone wall and
see what happens
I go there, you go through the stone and
Sunday and as usual the game will
respond on a random map location
only if you want to use a little bit
but just make the car code
and then go in there and give
you give the one visited on the whole map
underneath pretty fuck another secret place
unknown to many is right here
you first have to climb the
building up there
do exactly what you see in the
video arrived here in the corner played
If it works out you fall inside the building and
there you can see what it's like you are
connected is cool
this one is fucking fuck I have
sure that many who are watching
This video will come back to play just to
do what you do not see now
first of all the obvious there where
I punched and jumped in the water.
then it's only you to swim against the wall
the same way they're seeing something there
will happen
that's what daniel magic is not bug and
fuck the 100 with this bug you can
explore the whole map of gta san andreas
underneath it in mod style more
secular of the gta feel connected if you
Have patience, you can do a lot.
thing and look for things who found yet
this is not myself am
searching
and look at a tip for anyone to do this
Then you can make the jet code inside
The water there is for you to move around.
better not only that it still gets kind of slow
but it already helps the other bug that allowed
entering another secret location is
your house even if instead of you
enter through the door
You find a way to get up there in the
in front of you the way you see it
and jumping in the window in there you can
take a look at the cool thing is that the
garage until respond when you arrive
near her
only that's basically it you enter and
Exit the same way you entered
This other secret place is in the park.
first come here well here
and public that he will stick and enter
inside an invisible room is on
then you just stick to the right side
and jumping twice has to do
exactly the way you see it there
you fall into another invisible room and
from inside you can see the people there
and would be very interesting 10 for
shoot them right
Only, no, no, I could not take it.
but I discovered that the cocktail passes
old knowing that the cocktail goes through
other side and the ball does not come back here my
friend, the party was great, say yes
or not
throwing rocks and 50m and there is no way
can even give you six stars that you do not
The police shoot does not pass.
take
and incredible as it may seem the only
thing that hit me was the water jet
of the old fireman who fuck 65 in full
daylight
before anything else I want to leave
something clear many realized that I
I'm using mode there that clelton
activated
only that they are quiet everything
You saw there you can do it in the game.
I clean that way with hate that I
I forgot to remove it and ended up staying there
If someone comments you was with mode
can not catch the clean game that will give
to do everything you saw there
beauty I hope you have
liked the video and can leave Haiti
to help spread gta san andreas
is coming back with everything in the channel and
This video is well-rated and I'm going to
make sure that this game does not
long time without appearing on the channel
I count on you to leave a like
share the maximum that will give me only
an energy forces and commitment to bring
more videos of this epic beauty game here
then social networks twitter fan
page and my facebook personal has the
description I hope you in these networks
social beauty be with god who is
base everything and until the next video spoke
went